day after the game recovery sesh guest
appearances from the dudes today
introduce yourself hello my name is Tom
I knew we got your dance is my lovely
little brother go ahead lacing up the
cleat yeah yeah I don't even know if I
can play anymore we'll see find out oh
hey I'm Zack third guest appearance from
our owner don't add more yeah with the
full kit and the Perrier ready to go
you
heading into the sounders game we have a
little tent going to be setting some
autographs and then watching the game go
pros are not allowed so we're going to
try to sneak this on in
intercity
so she's gonna
so we took a little wager on how many
people would come to our tent and I have
the final number blue how many you think
we have 125 how many signatures do to go
1 billion
when you make that calculation
147 91 177
damn it 103 not bad eh guys it is
finally a beautiful day and I have
nowhere to be this afternoon which is
awesome so to celebrate
got some molly moons and we're at kerry
park
things that I always keep in my trunk
a soccer ball
my skateboards
an inflatable mattress
my hammock
because you never know where you're
going to need these things like now
gonna set up the hammock and take a nice
little tiger snooze
chillin
you
think we're recording this is a test run
of the kindle cam with me i have Elaine
Frank there is my mom I know that Frank